c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\xunit.runner.utility.netstandard15.dll
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netstandard15.dll
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.deps.json
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.dll
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.pdb
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.dll
c:\users\kestutis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sova\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.pdb
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\xunit.runner.utility.netstandard15.dll
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netstandard15.dll
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.deps.json
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.dll
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.pdb
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.dll
C:\Users\kestutis\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SovaGroup2\SovaPresentation.Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\SovaPresentation.Test.pdb
